So the answer to your question about
one package needing an older version of
something well, we're seeing
that right now with jest right?
We downgrade a jest here to like
the latest version is 20 653 And
we're at 26 for we don't let ourselves
float up to 26 five anything.
So that's what's giving us
this local version of jest.
Part of how JavaScript
resolves dependencies.
It allows for duplication.
There are other types of package
managers in other ecosystems
that require you to They will
they will scream at you and
fail fail to work unless you have one set
of one non duplicate dependency graph
with exactly one version of everything you
need that meets the needs of everything.
This would never work in JavaScript
though, because we have so
many little tiny packages.
Alright, question in the class.
So Jonathan asked,
Does it make a big difference having
something local versus at the top right
having a local dependency in your node
modules versus this outer node modules?
I would say zero difference
its closest can be zero,
like not a measurable difference.
And therefore,
you should optimize for other things.
It is not faster to have something local
Now the only way you'll end up with
something local is if you have slightly
different versions like we have to
jests in this project right now.
That has some downsides, the size of this
project on disk is going to get much
bigger if we don't try to get on a mostly
common set of things, and for that matter
If you have two different jests,
if there's an old bug and it gets fixed,
like you could really confuse yourself
by saying, Well I see this pattern.
It's working in one place.
Why isn't it working in this other place?
It's you can lose some
significant productivity there.
I would say that's the big risk
of making more things local.
Versus having this workspace route.
With everything as much as possible your
dev dependencies get hoisted up to that
workspace level node modules folder, and
because of the way require resolve works.
A node modules folder is a node modules
folder when you say, give me just or
give me lodash Like node is just going to
go like look for local node modules and
then go up to the parent look for
node modules there go up to the parent,
look for node modules there and
it'll keep going up.
So all you'd be saving is
just like a couple hops.
And that would be measured in probably
microseconds in terms of the time that it
would take.
Okay, so another question in
the class was asked about symlinks.
And the difference between these local,
symlinks.
Like, if I were to go back to
having this dependency on types,
and I would run your learn on link, This
is an important topic and
I wanna make sure we get it right here.
So like what,
why do we need this local symlink
if require resolve just works well.
It kinda has to do with There are a couple
reasons number one versions, right.
So the same logic that I just applied
to jest applies here as well.
That's one reason.
Another reason is tooling.
So typically, when you have
like a build that watches for
changes in certain places, Often you're
gonna watch a folder and all sub folders.
So if we had webpack running here and
we wanted it to update any
time we saved something,
you can tell webpack to
monitor node modules.
And if you're in there
fiddling with dependencies,
maybe you're trying to find a bug fix
Right Webpack dev server will bounce, and
you'll see the changes in front of you.
That only works if you're
in this node modules.
And that's why the files
that you're touching,
being in your local node modules
folder is a benefit to you.
That's that's another reason, right?
So we can still watch everything
that's going on here.
And that lets you and we'll see we'll
get to this workflow a little bit later.
But you want to be able to basically
fire up your workspace and
then change anything anywhere,
and your build reloads.
And it just you get the same benefit that
you would if this were a monolith app.
You have all of your code together and
you can watch all that stuff.
And I also see in the class, so,
Jonathan from Eventbrite, they use bolt.
So bolt is a package manager
that is currently in preview.
It kind of does a lot of stuff that
yarn does and yarn workspaces.
It's still under active development looks
really promising in terms of potentially
being an alternative to learner.
It's just not in a state where I would say
those that are just learning mono repos.
Would benefit from using
it I'd say use lerna.
It's mature at this point.
It has shortcomings.
Both addresses some of these,
but just go to the readme.
See if it's ready by the time
that you're watching this video.
As of the time we're recording
it is clearly stated as
sort of like a a preview release.